Replace "option" in doc when it refers to a flag (#11050)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/language/gallina-extensions.rst

   This command can be used to print the constraints on the internal level
   of the occurrences of :math:`\Type` (see :ref:`Sorts`).

>    If the ``Sorted`` option is given, each universe will be made

Reviewer: What about:\

```suggestion
   If the ``Sorted`` keyword is present, each universe will be made
```

Maybe not a keyword from a parsing perspective though. But option is not the right term here, since we have given it a precise meaning in this manual.

Author: "option" is also used to refer to command-line options.  Some overloading of terms is inevitable.

Reviewer: Yes, but in this case, I try to insist on using the complete phrasing "command-line option" or "command-line flag" for disambiguation.
